Game of Thrones is the most popular show
on television but with so many
characters plots and locations it can be
difficult to keep track of what's going
on now there's help with game of phones
for just $2.99 a minute our certified
experts will give you the answers you
can trust game of phones
who poison King Joffrey no one did it
turned out to be a bad clam remember you
have to tap the shells to make sure
they're alive before you cook them
it's clam one I want no question is too
awkward I have a crush on my brother
what should I do
nothing it's illegal and immoral to act
on those feelings on the other hand if
he's hot go for it Game of Thrones how
can I be too personal game of phones how
can I help you
I think I have greyscale our genitals
are swollen and tender
yep that's chlamydia too intricate hello
game of phones I wanted to ask Maisie
Williams how the whole face swapping
thing works okay I'll just go and get it
okay I'll hold yes
hi it's me yes sir first you start off
by cutting off the face or too intrusive
can I have your HBO Go password no
absolutely not
is it Hodor ah our friendly operators
are here to help game of phones how can
I help I just wanted to say that I hate
you
you are sick and you are just awful you
know I have caller ID see you soon Gary
get my phones how can I help and give
you clarity yes when Sir Thomas got his
penis cut off whoa whoa you're thinking
of Theon Greyjoy Thomas have his
fingertips cut off his penis is fine I'm
pretty sure he got his penis cut off my
penis is perfect you want me to show you
my penis
what camera phones I can Albu a small
but diabolical clause in there HBO
contract requires them to man our phone
banks and cut George RR Martin's lon
don't white walk white run to your phone
today to call game of phones $2.99 per
minute or $5.99 per Raven call today no
hablo Dothraki thanks for watching and
remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed